Doc proof reading and fixes (#4304)
GoogleContainerTools/kpt: docs/ROADMAP.md

Last updated: February 9th, 2023

> Please follow the [installation](https://github.com/kptdev/kpt/blob/main/documentation/content/en/installation/kpt-cli.md) guide for installing the latest version of kpt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the [installation](https://kpt.dev/installation/kpt-cli/) guide for installing the latest version of kpt.
```

I would prefer to link to the rendered version.
